 FFIELDS.h \
 CG2D.h CG3D.h DXC_MACROS.h DXF_MACROS.h DXG_MACROS.h DXV_MACROS.h DYC_MACROS.h DYF_MACROS.h DYG_MACROS.h DYNVARS.h DYU_MACROS.h EOS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h HFACC_MACROS.h HFACS_MACROS.h HFACW_MACROS.h MASKS_MACROS.h MASKW_MACROS.h NH_VARS.h RA_MACROS.h RAS_MACROS.h RAW_MACROS.h RECIP_DXC_MACROS.h RECIP_DXF_MACROS.h RECIP_DXG_MACROS.h RECIP_DXV_MACROS.h RECIP_DYC_MACROS.h RECIP_DYF_MACROS.h RECIP_DYG_MACROS.h RECIP_DYU_MACROS.h RECIP_HFACC_MACROS.h RECIP_HFACS_MACROS.h RECIP_HFACW_MACROS.h RESTART.h SET_GRID.h SOLVE_FOR_PRESSURE3D.h SOLVE_FOR_PRESSURE.h SURFACE.h TANPHIATU_MACROS.h TANPHIATV_MACROS.h THE_MODEL_COMMON_BLOCKS.h XC_MACROS.h YC_MACROS.h :
apply_forcing.f: FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h HFACC_MACROS.h
calc_eddy_stress.f: FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h
diags_oceanic_surf_flux.f: DYU_MACROS.h EEPARAMS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h
do_oceanic_phys.f: FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h
dynamics.f: FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h HFACC_MACROS.h HFACS_MACROS.h
exf_mapfields.f: FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h HFACC_MACROS.h
external_fields_load.f: DYU_MACROS.h EEPARAMS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h
external_forcing.f: EEPARAMS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h
external_forcing_surf.f: DYU_MACROS.h EEPARAMS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h
forcing_surf_relax.f: DYU_MACROS.h EEPARAMS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h
freeze_surface.f: FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h HFACC_MACROS.h
ini_ffields.f: FFIELDS.h PACKAGES_CONFIG.h PARAMS.h SIZE.h
ini_forcing.f: FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h HFACC_MACROS.h
initialise_varia.f: EEPARAMS.h FFIELDS.h PACKAGES_CONFIG.h PARAMS.h SIZE.h
integr_continuity.f: EEPARAMS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h
kpp_calc.f: FFIELDS.h GAD.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h HFACC_MACROS.h HFACS_MACROS.h
kpp_transport_ptr.f: FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h
kpp_transport_s.f: FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h
kpp_transport_t.f: FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h
load_fields_driver.f: EXF_OPTIONS.h FFIELDS.h PACKAGES_CONFIG.h PARAMS.h
main.f: DYNVARS.h DYU_MACROS.h EEPARAMS.h EESUPPORT.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h
monitor.f: FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h HFACC_MACROS.h HFACS_MACROS.h
monitor_g.f: FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h HFACC_MACROS.h
pre_cg3d.f: FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h HFACC_MACROS.h HFACS_MACROS.h
read_pickup.f: EEPARAMS.h FFIELDS.h GAD.h PACKAGES_CONFIG.h PARAMS.h RESTART.h
solve_for_pressure.f: DYU_MACROS.h EEPARAMS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h
taueddy_init_varia.f: FFIELDS.h PACKAGES_CONFIG.h PARAMS.h SIZE.h
taueddy_tendency_apply.f: EEPARAMS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h
thermodynamics.f: FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GAD.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h
tides_calc.f: DYG_MACROS.h DYU_MACROS.h EEPARAMS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h
write_pickup.f: EEPARAMS.h FFIELDS.h GAD.h PACKAGES_CONFIG.h PARAMS.h
