 FFIELDS.h \
 CG2D.h CG3D.h DXC_MACROS.h DXF_MACROS.h DXG_MACROS.h DXV_MACROS.h DYC_MACROS.h DYF_MACROS.h DYG_MACROS.h DYNVARS.h DYU_MACROS.h EOS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h HFACC_MACROS.h HFACS_MACROS.h HFACW_MACROS.h MASKS_MACROS.h MASKW_MACROS.h NH_VARS.h RA_MACROS.h RAS_MACROS.h RAW_MACROS.h RECIP_DXC_MACROS.h RECIP_DXF_MACROS.h RECIP_DXG_MACROS.h RECIP_DXV_MACROS.h RECIP_DYC_MACROS.h RECIP_DYF_MACROS.h RECIP_DYG_MACROS.h RECIP_DYU_MACROS.h RECIP_HFACC_MACROS.h RECIP_HFACS_MACROS.h RECIP_HFACW_MACROS.h RESTART.h SET_GRID.h SOLVE_FOR_PRESSURE3D.h SOLVE_FOR_PRESSURE.h SURFACE.h TANPHIATU_MACROS.h TANPHIATV_MACROS.h THE_MODEL_COMMON_BLOCKS.h XC_MACROS.h YC_MACROS.h :
apply_forcing.f: FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h HFACC_MACROS.h
autodiff_init_varia.f: CPP_OPTIONS.h CTRL_OPTIONS.h EEPARAMS.h FFIELDS.h
autodiff_restore.f: EXF_FIELDS.h EXF_OPTIONS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h
autodiff_store.f: FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h HFACC_MACROS.h HFACS_MACROS.h
calc_eddy_stress.f: FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GMREDI.h GMREDI_OPTIONS.h GRID.h
cost_averagesfields.f: FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h
cost_gencost_customize.f: EXF_OPTIONS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h
ctrl_map_forcing.f: FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h
ctrl_map_gentim2d.f: FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h
ctrl_map_ini_genarr.f: FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GMREDI_OPTIONS.h GRID.h
ctrl_map_ini_gen.f: FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h
ctrl_map_ini_gentim2d.f: FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h
diags_oceanic_surf_flux.f: DYU_MACROS.h EEPARAMS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h
do_oceanic_phys.f: FFIELDS.h GGL90.h GGL90_OPTIONS.h GMREDI.h GMREDI_OPTIONS.h
dynamics.f: ECCO_OPTIONS.h EEPARAMS.h EOS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h
dynsolver.f: EXF_FIELDS.h EXF_OPTIONS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h
ecco_phys.f: EEPARAMS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h
exf_mapfields.f: EXF_OPTIONS.h EXF_PARAM.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h
external_fields_load.f: DYU_MACROS.h EEPARAMS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h
external_forcing.f: EEPARAMS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h
external_forcing_surf.f: FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h HFACC_MACROS.h
forcing_surf_relax.f: DYU_MACROS.h EEPARAMS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h
forward_step.f: FFIELDS.h gad_ad_check_lev1_dir.h GAD.h GAD_OPTIONS.h
freeze_surface.f: FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h HFACC_MACROS.h
ggl90_calc.f: FFIELDS.h GGL90.h GGL90_OPTIONS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h
ggl90_idemix.f: FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GGL90.h GGL90_OPTIONS.h GMREDI.h
gmredi_calc_psi_b.f: EEPARAMS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GMREDI.h
gmredi_k3d.f: FFIELDS.h GMREDI.h GMREDI_OPTIONS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h
ini_ffields.f: FFIELDS.h PARAMS.h SIZE.h /usr/include/stdc-predef.h
ini_forcing.f: FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h HFACC_MACROS.h
initialise_varia.f: EEPARAMS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h
integr_continuity.f: EEPARAMS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h
load_fields_driver.f: EXF_CONSTANTS.h EXF_FIELDS.h EXF_OPTIONS.h FFIELDS.h
main.f: DYNVARS.h DYU_MACROS.h EEPARAMS.h EESUPPORT.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h
monitor.f: FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h HFACC_MACROS.h HFACS_MACROS.h
monitor_g.f: FFIELDS.h g_common.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h HFACC_MACROS.h
ostres.f: CPP_EEMACROS.h CPP_EEOPTIONS.h CPP_OPTIONS.h EEPARAMS.h FFIELDS.h
pre_cg3d.f: FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h HFACC_MACROS.h HFACS_MACROS.h
read_pickup.f: EEPARAMS.h FFIELDS.h GAD.h PACKAGES_CONFIG.h PARAMS.h RESTART.h
salt_plume_forcing_surf.f: DYU_MACROS.h EEPARAMS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h
sbo_calc.f: FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h HFACC_MACROS.h HFACS_MACROS.h
seaice_budget_ocean.f: FFIELDS.h PACKAGES_CONFIG.h SEAICE_OPTIONS.h SIZE.h
seaice_ctrl_map_ini.f: DYU_MACROS.h EEPARAMS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h
seaice_dynsolver.f: DYNVARS.h DYU_MACROS.h EEPARAMS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h
seaice_fake.f: EXF_FIELDS.h EXF_OPTIONS.h EXF_PARAM.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h
seaice_get_dynforcing.f: EXF_PARAM.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h
seaice_growth.f: EXF_PARAM.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h
seaice_init_fixed.f: FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h
seaice_init_varia.f: EEPARAMS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h
seaice_model.f: FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h HFACC_MACROS.h
seaice_ocean_stress.f: DYU_MACROS.h EEPARAMS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h
seaice_output.f: EXF_FIELDS.h EXF_OPTIONS.h FFIELDS.h PACKAGES_CONFIG.h
seaice_solve4temp.f: EXF_OPTIONS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h
seaice_tracer_phys.f: EEPARAMS.h FFIELDS.h PACKAGES_CONFIG.h PARAMS.h
solve_for_pressure.f: DYU_MACROS.h EEPARAMS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h
taueddy_init_varia.f: FFIELDS.h PARAMS.h SIZE.h /usr/include/stdc-predef.h
taueddy_tendency_apply.f: EEPARAMS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GMREDI.h
the_main_loop.f: FFIELDS.h gad_ad_check_lev2_dir.h gad_ad_check_lev3_dir.h
thermodynamics.f: FFIELDS.h GAD.h GMREDI.h GMREDI_OPTIONS.h GRID.h
tides_calc.f: DYG_MACROS.h DYU_MACROS.h EEPARAMS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h
timeave_surf_flux.f: EEPARAMS.h FCORI_MACROS.h FFIELDS.h GRID.h GRID_MACROS.h
write_pickup.f: EEPARAMS.h FFIELDS.h GAD.h PACKAGES_CONFIG.h PARAMS.h
